hey everybody thanks for checking out
the rebel 30 series I am here today with
creator and designer Bruce egg Nader we
are going to talk about the differences
between the rebel 20 and the bigger
brother rebel 30 series the rebel 30 has
all the features that people wished the
20 had we've hadded the watts knobs
individually on each channel reverb
clean channel an XLR recording output
that by the way sounds great we've also
added a silent record mode that nobody
asked for but it was a really cool thing
and it allows you to turn the speaker
output off and still record direct out
of the XLR output this model also has a
combo available as well that the rebel
20 does not now let's go to the front
panel features of the rebel 30 you have
two channels on this amplifier channel
one is a designated clean channel as a 2
band EQ you have a bass and treble
control and a volume control you also
have a tight switch and bright switch
then you jump over to channel 2 which is
the designated overdrive channel which
also has the Titan bright switches gain
bass middle treble and volume control
and you have independent wattage
controls for either channel the tube mix
function you can sweep between el84
power tubes and 6 v 6 is just like you
can on the smaller brother rebel 20 the
last cool feature on the front panel is
the 3-way selectable power switch
standby and silent mode this amp in
silent mode basically turns the
recording output on on the back then you
have a standby switch in the middle then
you have the play mode which is the
speaker jacks and the XLR output let's
go over the back panel features of the
rebel 30 which obviously looking at it
is much different than the smaller rebel
22 your AC Inlet the world voltage
selector your power tube protection fuse
your foot switch this amplifier does
come with a 2 button foot switch main
speaker outputs impedance selector the
very cool XLR direct recording output
reverb which you have controls for each
channel an effects loop with center
return
control this amp also has the same tube
layout as the rebel 20 he step up a
little bit in wattage obviously to 30
watts but you have the two el84
and the two 66s which you can select
between or you can blend it to also
included in the rebel series is the
rebel 112 and rebel 212 combos which
includes the same electronic controls as
the rebel head just rear-mounted and
facing upward it's good to note that
this is the rebel 112 X cab that fits
the rebel xx rebel xxx and also fits as
a mini stack for the rebel 31 12 combo
you